Let's look at chatlogic, in chatlogic.h.
We have a very important distinction between data handles.
We have owned data handles and we have non owned data handles,
and the data handles which the student version of chatlogic owns
are a vector of graph nodes or pointers to graph nodes and graph edges.
This is going to change while you traverse to
the final project the final version of the code.
Now the ownership of edges lies with the chatlogic and you will
change this and one of the tasks who will come to this pointers.
So where the ownership of edges is moved into some of the nodes here,
but for now chatlogic owns them both.
Apart from that we have some handles to currentNodes, ChatBot and panelDialogue.
We have some helper stuff here a proprietary type definition,
a token list which you will see shortly when we look at load answer graph from file.
Also some Helper functions,
the templatized helper function and the proprietary functions for this class here
load autograph from file which is the main function which loads
the text file and converts it into this very elaborate graph structure.
Then we have the function which sends a message to the ChatBot
and we have the function which sends a message to the user
from the ChatBot and we have this function here which retrieves the handle
to the image which is managed by the ChatBot
so it can be displayed in the graphical user interface